I'm in the F everybody knows they know
me where it sows I SK in and they froze
I don't know no nothing but no ice I'm
just cold
something I'm in my Prim this ain't even
a form L on me down but still my feet
they find glor I went from living room
straight up to sold out to life fire but
once I'm ready for the wall
wo this is how the story
goes
wo I guess this is how the story goes
I'm in the F of it everybody knows they
know me where it sows I SK and they frze
I don't know no nothing but no ice I'm
just
cold from the screen to the ring to the
pen to the K where's my crown that's my
bling always when I ring see I believe
that I see it in my heart through the
ceiling cuz I'm reaching for the Stars
wo this is how the story goes
oh I guess this is how the story goes
I'm in the F of everybody knows they
know me where it sows I SK and they
I don't nothing
[Music]
I'm how heaven I'm just cruising by my
Lo they cast me out let me for dead C my
faith in God m in the sun I'm by the
song my life is hard I took the wheel I
cred c
yeah ain't nobody going to save you man
it's life a break
you and the think of it
how
the I'm in the fake of everybody knows
they know me where it sows I SK and they
frze I don't know no nothing but no ice
I'm just cold
4 so been I'm in the fake everybody
knows they know me where it I SK and
they FR I don't know no nothing but no
ice I'm just cold 4 something so I can
wo I guess this is how the story goes